= MessageBox

MessageBox is Twitter Cline using Erlang (for plactice).

==Setup

 $ git clone git://github.com/hiroeorz/message_box.git
 $ cd message_box
 $ ./rebar get-deps
 $ make 

==Testing
 $ make eunit

=Use
 $ mkdir /tmp/test_db
 $ make boot

 > rr("src/user.hrl").
 > rr("src/message.hrl").

 %% create user
 > {ok, User} = message_box:create_user(hoge, "hoge@mail.com", "mypassword").

 %% get user_id
 > UserId = User#user.id.

 %% send message
 > message_box:send_message(UserId, "mypassword", "this is my first message").

 %% follow other user
 > message_box:follow(UserId, "mypasswod", OtherUserId).

 %% getting home timeline(max message count 40)
 > message_box:get_home_timeline(UserId, 40).

See test/message_box_test.erl for other details.


== Contributing to git_file_service 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 HIROE Shin. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

